---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "American Dream - Chapter 1"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, american dream, something awful]
---


## Chapter 1

An epiphany was had this morning as I perused Something Awful (SA), sipping Code Red and toying with the notion of stepping outside for my third cigarette in an hour: Nine years and 2 months of my life have been devoted towards the goal of personal advancement within a small yet thriving company. I arrived one spring morning at the offices of a local company - just a 15 year old, acne-encrusted, bespectacled face in the crowd - with a dot-matrix printed resume extolling my massive abilities with the 386 computer and willingness to work after school. I was immediately hired at minimum wage and began a series of menial jobs within said company, including authorizing credit cards, and serving as a squeaky-voiced telephone operator.

At 16, I graduated from High School, and moved off to the wonderful world of college. Yet, for the sole reason of tuition re-imbursement, I continued with the same company - continuing to bounce around from department to department, serving as a van driver, a shipping and receiving inspector, an MIS administrator - I never stayed in one place for very long. It was during this time period, the wonderfully blurry undergraduate years, that I unknowingly sowed the seeds of my current employment bliss. The groundwork was laid.

Come graduate school, my contributions to said company began to become clear to some in positions of power. I was transferred for the 11th time in 6 years, this time to a place of some responsibility for the everyday running of the company. By day I struggled to comprehend superstring theory, laboring under the false assumption that a Masters Degree in Physics would bring exciting things for me. By night, I climbed the corporate ladder. Supervisorship, Management, power. I had it all at age 21 - a brand new piece of paper designating me a master in the Physical Sciences, and a Management position in a strong company, a score of people twice my age reporting to me. I worked 70 hours a week, but I believed that I had achieved in a short amount of time what it had taken my father 50 years to attain.

Then came September 11th. As the twin towers fell, the economy fell with it. Faced with massive layoffs, my company was forced to cut my entire department, and leave all responsibilities solely in my hands. I was a Manager with no employees, a General without an Army... yet I still toiled, long and hard. It continued this way for three months - I never slept, I spent every waking minute at the office, yet I convinced myself this was still the greatest thing going - the American Dream. One day, in a morning coffee and donuts meeting, a Vice President suggested the possibility of moving myself and my responsibilities out of the corporate offices, and instead to a satellite facility, some 1,000 miles away. Seeing this as an opportunity for advancement, I jumped.

So I arrived, acquired a large office in a remote corner of said facility, and continued with my march towards greatness. Then, something strange and wonderful happened. In outlook, an EMail appeared with my name in the "Courtesy Copy" field. Apparently, a new Vice President had decided to delegate the responsibilities that once were mine to another department. Immediately frightened for my job and my well being, I was tempted to scream out - yet, thankfully, I remained silent. I continued to come into the office on time every day, picked up the random pieces of my old job that were left scattered in the transition, and waited for the word.

That, my friends, was 4 months ago to the day. After 30 days, I became convinced that I was a forgotten, non digestible entity in the corporate stomach. No man ever comes over to ask me for anything - although I am but a Manager, and Directors roam the hallways like rabid hyenas, I am much too senior to all of them for them to attempt an attack. Every once in a while, the phone will ring, and an old acquantance will ask for help solving a problem - I gladly comply. Sometimes, I let the phone ring... but the voicemail light never comes on. They move on to the next target, under the false assumption that I am much too busy to be bothered.

I started coming in later, wearing blue jeans on Mondays, testing my limits. I take 25 cigarette breaks a day, come back into my air conditioned office, dim the lights, and browse the internet in a half-comatose state until I determine that it is time to pack up for the day. Old copies of Baseball Weekly adorn the mohogany desk, and reams of paper lie in and around the unattended trash bin, each covered with random drawings of stick figures and jet fighters. I often roam the hallways with a piece of paper and a mug of coffee, exchanging pleasantries and talking about the weather and equally mindless topics with my co-workers. I go to meetings, and other managers gaze with reverence at my presence - I am never invited, but to those who know not what I do, I am respected and welcomed.

It hit me this morning that perhaps all of my endless toil and hard work has landed me here. I've transferred so much within the company that all paperwork on me has been long since misplaced. I exist only in a computer program that spits out a 4 digit paycheck to my bank account every other thursday - just another tick on the underbelly of the corporate warthog. Too senior to be fired, too misunderstood to be bothered, I am truly the forgotten employee.

And so, my SA friends, I am quite open to suggestions about how I may truly test the boundaries of my newly discovered freedom. A webcam lays in its box underneath my desk, awaiting my motivation to install it. No suggestion is outside the boundary of reason or consideration - for, I have now found my Holy Grail. I have achieved the American Dream.  

[Next Page](/stories/american-dream/002.html)