---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "American Dream - Chapter 2"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, american dream, something awful]
---


## Chapter 2

All that I have worked for over the past 5 months of not working nearly came to a horrible death this past Friday.

I arrived at the office at 1030 - still dressed in the wrinkled khaki pants from my very lengthy Thursday night at the bar. I sneaked in the side door, and made a B-line for my office. On the way, I was stopped by an electrician, who informed me that they were working on the air conditioning in the office building, and that some sections of the sprawling complex would be without electricity during different parts of the day. He reassured me that if I was, indeed, in an occupied area of the building, that I would be informed in plenty of time. Of course, since nobody knows I exist, I expected to be left in the darkness at some point during the day.

I eased into my office, shut the door, and sat down at my desk. My morning regimine consists of checking baseball scores - a quick once over of SA, then off to randomly scour the network drive for Excel documents. I will pull up at least 5 spreadsheets (ranging from actual important pricesheets to recent Company Softball scores - it doesn't matter, as long as it's an Excel Document.) I print them out, then walk to the other side of the office building to copy them. Somehow, in my mind, this makes it look like I'm working - and looks are the most important thing.

On my way to the copy machine, I was stopped by a fellow manager - one who actually works. He "reminded" me of an 1100 meeting in the conference room, and I played dumb.

"You had to have gotten the EMail, it was sent to all managers..." he replied, not knowing that I was the forgotten Employee of company X. I tried to wiggle my way out of it, but I was stuck. Begrudgingly, I made my way into the brightly lit conference room - thinking that it couldn't be that bad. After all, it was Friday, there would probably be Krispy Kreme donuts, and I could easily just sit there and not say a word. I was very, very wrong.

Bad Sign #1 Nowhere in the room was the distinct aroma of Honey-glazed-goodness. Even the coffee pot was ominously switched off. This is a horribly bad sign in the corporate world - lack of food means that the meeting will be about only business-related issues.

Bad Sign #2 The normal large conference table is nowhere to be found. In its place is a U-shaped formation of folding tables. U-shaped formation = audience participation = horribly, horribly bad.

Bad Sign #3 I reflexively reached over by the door for the inevitable handout - and felt NOTHING. No handout = note taking is mandatory. I begin to have a very sinking feeling about this meeting.

Bad Sign #4 Standing in front of the stained dry erase board, was the nemesis of all forgotten employees - The Director of People Services - AKA, Human Resources Nazi. I was a Warsaw Jew, face to face with Himmler. She glanced at me as I quickly averted my stare, but I thought that I may have caught a glimmer of recognition in her eyes, and that, my friends, scared the hell out of me.

The beer-sweat started rolling off my forehead as I ran through my options. I was about 15 feet inside the doorway, and Himmler had seen me - quick flight was out of the question. I was forced to sit through this meeting, and try to keep my cover. Looking at the U-shaped formation of tables, I decided to sit directly in the middle - contending that if any type of "let's go around the room..." shit went on, she would undoubtedly start from one of the ends. I took my company cell-phone off and set it on the table, then proceeded to sit and wait.

Unfortunately, the meeting turned into my worst nightmare. Buzzwords started keying off alarms in my head as they flowed from the mouth of the hideous HR gargoyle. "Teamwork", "Employee Insight", "Departmental Budgets", etc. The meeting was a quarterly Employee idea meeting, where managers would gather and share what work their "Teams" had accomplished, and what they were looking forward to. Considering my team had been fucking contracted on September 11th, and I was currently a free-agent with no intention of signing with anybody - I was worried. And then it happened...

"Let's go around the room and say what the general view among your reporting employees is as to the future of <Company X>..."

SHIT. I knew I was fucked, and I needed to get out. My heart skipped a beat as the first ass-kisser on the end started babbling away about how great his employees are, and started calling them off by name. I needed a fire alarm, a stroke, or a meteor strike, and I needed it soon - before I was forced to open my mouth and out myself as a non-working leech to the rest of the world. My eyes searched the room for something to help me out - the fire alarm was too far away, as was the window. The light switch was directly behind me, but that was only as a last resort. I had almost given up hope, when my eyes situated on the table in front of me.

My cell phone. I needed a phone call, and I needed it as soon as possible. Telekenesis failed me for a good two minutes as it came closer and closer to being my turn. Then I realized something amazing - I was wearing my bar pants. The beauty of my bar pants is that they have amazingly deep pockets - and nestled down past the crumpled up one dollar bills, the napkins, the receipts, and the Bud Light bottlecaps, was my saving grace - my wife's cell phone. And listed under the letter "A" in her preprogrammed numbers was my work cell phone.

A rush of excitement filled me, and my hand started slowly inching towards my pocket. Because of the angle of my leg, I couldn't reach into my pants without drawing unwanted attention - so I had to make a go at it from the outside. It was only two clicks - one on the down button in the middle to highlight my number, the other on the send button. But timing was crucial, as it came closer to my time to speak. I felt down the outline of the phone... my finger skimming the display screen, and pushed down once on the scroll button, then mashed to it's left to send the call. I believed victory was mine, but unfortunately, the phone on the desk remained silent. 10 seconds passed, 20 seconds, and yet nothing happened - I had obviously highlighted the wrong name to call.

It struck me as mildly humorous that somewhere, one of my wife's friends was answering a call from her cell-phone, blissfully unaware of my epic struggle to free myself from the meeting-from-hell. As soon as it was obvious that I had dialed the wrong number, I moved my thumb back to the right, and punched the end button appoximately ten times, hoping to cancel everything out. The train of talking had reached the person sitting next to me, and the focus of the room was in my general direction. I probably only had one chance to pull it off - and I had to do it discreetly.

With my body turned towards the speaker, my hand creeped down once more. I coughed slightly as a distraction while my fingers made a ninja-flick across the scroll and send keys, then I moved my hands to the table and waited. 5 seconds, 10 seconds went by. The person next to me was finishing up - it was almost my turn... I thought I was completely done for, and then it happened. The cell-phone lit up, and the tell-tale Nokia tone started resonating throughout the room.

All eyes shot to me as I tried my hardest to contain my elation. I grabbed the phone and pushed the answer button. "Ben", I said authoritatively. My voice echoed through the speaker as the cell phone in my pocket picked up the background noise. "Oh, yes sir, Mr. (NAME OF A COMPANY VICE PRESIDENT AT THE CORPORATE OFFICE), I have that information at my desk, can it wait? Oh, I understand..." I then covered up the phone and said to the HR-Nazi "Do you mind?" She was taken aback, but smiled and nodded - it was all the break I needed. I sprung out of my chair, and headed for the door, pretending like I was talking, nodding absent-mindedly to myself, engaged in a pretend conversation with my pants - but I was temporarially free.

I hurried back to my office, closed the door, and waited. The time was 12 noon, and I was sure that soon, the HR-Nazi would show her face and ask to sit down and chat about what I had missed at the meeting. I browsed the SA forums for the next four hours, every set of footsteps by my door sending me on a frenzy of window minimization. Four o'clock rolled by. Cars began to leave the parking lot. My phone had not rung, my Outlook Inbox was still empty. At five o'clock, the lights went out in my office. I sat in the complete darkness for five minutes, ten minutes. A half hour went by as I sat in a semi-daze, alone, in a dark office... then it hit me.

I was safe. I was forgotten. All was right with the world. I took out my cell phone, and played a silent, celebratory game of snake. 

[Next Page](/stories/american-dream/003.html)