---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "American Dream - Chapter 3"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, american dream, something awful]
---


## Chapter 3

I had been dreading this day. In the back of my mind, I knew it was coming. In all my years here, my anniversary date has held as a beacon of hope - the promise of yet another payraise, yet another shining star on the corporate report card that would one day land me a corner office with a view. This year, however, I wished that it would never come. I was sure that my ninth anniversary at this corporate juggernaut would raise sufficient enough flags to bring the Human Resources Ninjas swinging through my office windows, sending the old copies of Baseball Weekly and collected Mountain Dew bottles flying in a maelstrom of broken dreams as they hauled me off to some cubicle to start being a productive member of society.

The EMail was waiting for me as I came in late to work. The return address was a name that I did not recognize - but the all-familiar (HR) printed in bold at the end of it sent a shiver up my spine. I opened it up, and - all at once - a feeling of relief, bewilderment, and hope overcame me.

> Moonshine Employee #412 , our records indicate that you are due for an annual performance review on September 10 . Please report to your designated departmental Director none* on none* for your review.
> 
> * As you are a non-supervised / managerial / other employee, please submit a self review, detailing past accomplishments. Self reviews must be submitted no later than September 13 to employeereview@companyname.com
> 
> Best Regards
> HR Nazi

I re-read the letter twice, trying my hardest to figure out any hidden meanings. The good news was that, from the form letter, it seemed as though they had no idea what I did. The bad news was that neither did I. I had three days to find out, construct some kind of good response, and send it back in a very unthreatening fashion. I actually needed to do work, and the clock was ticking...

So, twenty minutes later, I'm sitting in the bar at Applebee's - downing a cold Bud Light and pondering my situation. Solutions including "prolonged vacation", "botched workplace injury", and "phone call to HR to ask what I do" were summarially dismissed, and I had hit a dead-end. I finished off another beer, and the thought suddenly hit me. Every two weeks, without fail, I had recieved a paycheck at my house. Although I had rarely opened them, I knew there was a section on there that listed a departmental code - a simple four digit number that would hold the answer to what my company thought I did.

I paid my bill and headed home, determined to wake up in the morning and figure out what I was going to do with myself. Unfortunately, when I got home and opened up an old paycheck, I realized that my department code was listed as 0000, which I feared was a default code - I couldn't have been more wrong.

I showed up at 0900 on September 11th, marking my first return to actual working hours in months. My first stop was to the accounting section of the building - where I cornered a temp employee and asked (real managerial-like), "What department does code 0000 refer to?". She typed a few numbers into her computer, and replied with something that blew me away.

"Workplace Safety."

I staggered back a bit, but tried to regain my composure quickly.

"How many employee entries are there in the Workplace Safety group?"

She typed two more entries, and came back with "Moonshine, here in Detroit, and James Alexander, in the Fort Worth office." It was obvious she had no idea who I was, which was a bonus. But my heart sank for a minute as I realized there actually was somebody else in this company who was actually doing the non-job that I was somewhat tasked to do. I retreated to my office and tried to plan my next move. "Workplace Safety?" I thought, trying to take in the gist of what was said to me... was it then my job to make sure that nobody walked around on stilts or ran with scissors while on company property? Not that it was a huge epidemic around here, but I was somewhat freaked that the next time Lumpy McBumperfuck in Shipping and Receiving decided to pour lye on his groin, I would be responsible.

The only answer was to find James Alexander. I would pretend that I was actually a working Safety Inspector, and try and pry him about what kind of work he did. I was able to track down the number to the Fort Worth office - and gave him a call...

"James Alexander" was the reply...

"Mr Alexander, this is Moonshine, the Detroit Safety Inspector. I was wondering if you could help me with a couple of items that I've got going on up here..."

There was a pregnant pause, then a quick "hold on...", as I was put on hold. About twenty seconds passed by, then he came back on the line, his voice down at a whisper... "Who do you work for?"

I thought quickly... "Greg McDonnell" I lied. I've never even heard of a Greg McDonnell.

"And he told you to call me?" Alexander asked, sounding somewhat worried.

"No, sir. I did it of my own volition."

Yet another pause, then... "Are you really a workplace safety employee?"

I recognized something in his voice, and decided to take a shot. I knew I was putting everything on the line - but it felt as though I was at that point regardless of whether or not I admitted my status to this stranger on the phone. I took a deep breath, and answered a very confident...

"No..."

"Are you with HR?" was the stern reply.

"No..."

"Then what do you do?"

"Nothing..."

There was yet another pause, and a flash of heat cascaded over my skin. There was a barely intelligible snort, almost laughter, then he replied...

"Me neither..."

It was like I had asked him if he had stairs in his house, only the answer was one hundred times more exciting. It turns out James Alexander of Fort Worth Texas was an original Workplace Safety Inspector, and had been with the company for 7 years. About three years ago, the department was dissolved and the responsibility for oversight was placed in the hands of our company's Quality Control department back down in Florida. He was furloughed for a period of 5 months, then one day he received a letter asking him to return to work. When he returned, he was given temporary quarters in a recently abandoned office, and was told that he would be given new assignments shortly. Shortly turned into two years...

I was amazed that I was not the only one who was forgotten in this corporation. He told me that all he did all day was browse the internet, and replace the contents of the First Aid kit when they ran low. He had never failed to recieve a raise, and was never once accosted by any higher- ups. He and I postulated that the computer must have defaulted to a 0000 code when none was inputted for my employee file - luckily, here 0000 wasn't just a code meaning "nothing", it was actually still the defunct Workplace Safety group. He told me to count my blessings, and hung up the phone with a sincere "Good luck..."

The next day, I showed up at work with a new purpose in life. What I had come across was even better than having no job - I now have a job with no responsibilities. I walked throughout the office, looking at light sockets, chairs, and microwaves - exactly as I supposed that a "Safety Inspector" would do. Later that day, I would write my personal review, remembering to keep it vague and short, so as not to rouse attention. James had informed me that most reviews would be automatically answered with a standard raise, without ever crossing the desk of anybody except an HR secretary - just so long as you don't admit to doing anything extrordinarially good or bad. So I wrote...

> EMPLOYEE: Moonshine #412
> ACCOMPLISHMENTS: 
> -Maintained a zero accident rate in the Detroit corporate and shipping offices for the entire 2002 calendar year.
> -Responded to every safety issue in a timely fashion. This internal customer service was accomplished within the allotted budget.
> -Heightened awareness for safety related issues among employees.

I hit send, and waited for the possible downfall the next week.

This past Wednesday, I showed up at work with a bottle of UNASPIRIN from 7-11, and a rubber carpet bumper that I picked up at Home Depot. Back where the employees go out to smoke, the carpet at the door was horribly mangled, and many an unhappy soul was sent crashing to the floor by a misplaced step on the hazard. So, the first thing I did was put the bumper down, and glued it into place using some bullshit Billy Mays fabric crap glue that the yay-hoo at Home Depot said worked wonders. It wasn't pretty, but now there is no danger of tripping... I am responding to workplace safety issues, keeping under budget (as the 9 dollars came out of my pocket.) I placed a sign on the wall next to the bumper, seen below.

I placed the UNASPIRIN in the breakroom First Aid kit, and proceded to my office. There was a piece of Company Mail sitting on my desk, right next to the OSHA posters that I had ordered - as I assumed that any Safety Inspector's office needed decoration including "A Guide To Hazardous Material", and "Eye Wash Station Directions". I sat down in my seat, opened the forums, then slowly opened the letter.

> Moonshine Employee #412
> 
> We are pleased to announce that your annual performance review has been deemed satisfactory. As a result, your pay rate has been increased by five percent (.05%) retroactive to September 1, 2002.
> 
> Sincerely,
> HR Nazi


Now, a week has passed, and nothing else has happened. I was asked to check a battery in a smoke detector by a secretary yesterday - who had unfortunately seen me place the bumper in the back hallway. So, yes, I now have to do some work. But until the Camel Spiders invade Accounting and I've got fatalities on my hands, I will continue to sit here, playing Snake on my Nokia and browsing the Something Awful Forums. I am Moonshine, the protector of Detroit Corporate / Shipping and Receiving - here to make sure NOBODY falls down on my watch.

[Next Page](/stories/american-dream/004.html)