---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Lee Won - Part 8"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, lee won , /r9k/]
---

##Part 8
I promised I would continue, so I will. I'm tired, so forgive me if it isn't that great or anything.

When I last posted, Lee Won and me were talking about how to get back that asshole Tony for stealing my love and for destroying Lee's eyesight with what he was doing with Lauren inside his family's working van.

We had a day before our third gig at some annoying little bitch's party, so me and him tried to brainstorm ideas to make Lauren see how big of a douche he really was. I suggested getting a local dealer at our school to show up at the gig, get him to talk to Tony, and call the police while Tony was doing lines on the asphalt. Lee said it was too risky, and we didn't really want him to go to jail.

Lee said that we should give him wrong directions to the gig and have him show up at a gay bar, but he might have liked that. We talked all day, and we had no idea what to do, but then Lucas called us up and told us that he could help.

With all three of us in a room, we asked why he wanted Tony out of the group. He said Tony never paid him back the $20 that he owed him, and he wanted him dead. Lucas then brought up the idea that we should get Lauren to see how he really is when he isn't acting so perfectly cool and deep.

The next night rolled by, and we were a few hours away of going on. We got to the party early and there wasn't a lot of people there. The girl that was throwing the party didn't even talk to us, making out with her boyfriend on her couch while Fresh Prince of Bel-Air played in the background.

Tony and Lauren showed up a little after all of us showed up in the van, and their hands were stuck together like they were glued on. The plan started when we got Chelsea to take Lauren away for a few minutes by getting them to go do their girl gossip thing, and all four of guys were just hanging out.

Tony didn't really talk to us, like he never really did, and just smoked cigarettes outside while a few kids danced to the rap music coming out of the stereos.

Lee asked Tony if him and Lauren were really close, and he said they were. This went on for a little while until Lucas got the second phase of the plan going. We asked Chelsea to take Lauren to the market to get some stuff while this was going on so it wouldn't be interrupted.

Melissa Kite from one of mine and Tony's class was brought in by Lucas, and me, Lucas, and Lee paid her $50 to go along with all of this shit. The three of us backed off, knowing that Melissa would tell Tony how much she liked him, and as we knew Tony was a hipster player and saw Lauren leave for a while, he would make his move.

We watched as she seduced him, move away from the crowd and take out some joints for the two of them to share, and we then reached the third part of the phase. When Melissa said that they should make out in the 'cool rock band van', the last part came. Lee was already hiding in the front seat, camera phone in hand, silently taking pictures while the two wrestled their tongues.

To not make it so long, Lee forwarded them to Lauren, Lauren came back from the market and confronted Tony, and she slapped him about five times in the face before calling him a shallow dick that didn't know anything about love.

She then yelled at him to get the fuck away, and I told him that it would be best if he left. With Lauren now hating the guy, I wouldn't feel bad about deleting his number and forgetting what a keytar was. When I went to console Lauren, though, she was already hugging and crying into Lee's shoulder, so I sulked off and got ready to play. I guess I would talk to her later.

Without our keyboard player, we got ready to play our third gig that could possibly be our worst and last. The party was getting into full swing when we started to play, but we were more shitty than usual. Lauren didn't even try; Lee didn't play like he usually does; the main mic levels were too high, so Chelsea's screeching voice was awful as hell; Lucas was fine, like always, but even he couldn't help my paranoid mind while playing the guitar.

When we were done, no one clapped, and everyone went back to what we were doing. I didn't want to lug all the shit back to the van so soon, so I looked for a place where I could get a drink. Before I could do that, though, the girl throwing the party came up to me and told me that I have to hurry my shit. Asked her why, and she said another band was coming to play. The real band.

I shot her a nasty look, and me and the rest of the band started lugging all the instruments and equipment to the van as fast as we could. Finally we were done, and the second band arrived a little after that.

[Next Part](/stories/lee-won/009.html)