---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Lee Won - Part 9"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, lee won , /r9k/]
---

###Part 9
There was only three of them. They showed up in a better looking van than theirs, and they had a few friends who weren't in the band to help them set up. There were two guys; one of them had long blond bangs in his eyes and the hipster thing going on like Tony did. The other guy was Asian, like Lee, but was Japanese and had some of those stylish glasses that everyone has these days with the thick rims. Finally, the singer, was someone I recognized even if she was wearing a ton of makeup, glasses, and one of those Gothic Lolita dresses, Charlotte Daniels.

She went to my high school, and we were in the same classes for throughout all four years. Me and her were never really friends, but we always got partnered because we were the quiet nerdy kids and no one wanted to be partners with us. Even with her new look, she had those braces that I remembered.

I didn't say hi, thinking she wouldn't remember me, but she did and we hit it off while her friends were getting ready for her set. Asked her what she was doing her, and she said that the blond hipster knew the girl throwing the party, and she begged for them to play.

We talked about how it was weird seeing each other after two years, and I promised I would watch her set. She got taken away finally by their Japanese singer, and Lee glared at him while the Japanese guy glared back. They wouldn't get along.

Lee questioned who she was, and I told him some girl from my high school. He asked if I was lying about never having a girlfriend, and I confirmed that no girl had ever been interested in me.

Chelsea and Lauren got a ride home early by Chelsea's friend because of Lauren not wanting to be around any longer, so me, Lee, and Lucas stayed for the show.

Her band's name was Lucky Thirteen Clover, and her band mates names were Aaron and Takeshi. They played a few songs, and she was playing guitar. Lee commented every few minutes on how Takeshi's voice was shitty, and Lucas commented every few minutes on how he was trying to see and guess what color panties Charlotte was wearing.

After their show, the three of us talked to the three of them, and that's when the six of us decided to all go to the place where all young people go at 3:00 AM in the morning: Denny's.

All six of us went to Denny's. Me, Lucas, Lee, Charlotte, Aaron, and Takeshi talked before going, them putting their stuff away, and Lee Won tugging at my arm and asking for us to bail before he got into a fight with Takeshi.

Charlotte continued talking to me, though, and Lee couldn't leave without me, and I couldn't leave her when she wanted to talk to me, so we got trapped at the party that was just ready to clear out. Takeshi and Lee were giving each other death looks from across the yard while the Japanese singer was putting some sound equipment away.

Charlotte asked if we wanted to go get something to eat with her band and talk more, and before Lee Won could pull me and throw me into the Won Mobile, I said that we would love to.

I told her we would meet her at the Denny's near the highway, and they bolted off before we did. Lucas didn't mind, talking about how tight Charlotte's ass looked in the outfit and undergarments she was wearing. I asked Lee Won if he knew the Takeshi guy, and he told me he did. The two of them used to be on a soccer team together in middle school.

It all started when the two of them both wanted to be the forward on the team. They were both, by far, the best on the team, he said, and they both wanted to be the star who scored the most goals. The coach finally picked Takeshi to be the forward, making Lee Won the goalie, and the two got into a fight in their first game after two minutes into the game. He also added that he thinks Japan is an evil country that deserves to be destroyed.

I apologized, said that we could cancel, but he told me that it would be rude and that we should at least go for a little while. We showed up at Denny's, and we walked in with there only being maybe seven or so people in there. A few were alone, looking high out of there mind, and one or two couples that were making out in booths.

Charlotte called us over, and we all sat down at the back booth that had the most space. On one side was my band, and the other side was their band. It was like a battle was about to start between Lee and Takeshi even before someone said anything.

Takeshi excused himself to the bathroom a minute or two after we sat down, and we all started to open and talk. Aaron seemed like a nice enough guy, saying that he heard of our band from our high school gig and said that he heard good things. I was happy that he wasn't as big as a douche and a faggot than Tony was.

Lucas focused on Charlotte, asking her question, diving into the deep questions after only knowing her for ten minutes. He asked if she had a boyfriend, and Aaron started to laugh his ass off. I asked him what was funny, and he said that Charlotte was the biggest lesbian he knew. She then hit him, said that she just hasn't found the right guy, and then told Lucas that she never had the opportunity to have one.

Back in school, she got picked on a lot. While I was the kid that sat in the corner and was ignored by everyone, she got cornered by the popular girls and picked on for her braces, looks, and clothes. She looked different now, and her fashion was much different, but she still seemed as nice as ever. When we worked on projects, she was always friendly and good to work with. We got along well.

Lee didn't say anything, arms crossed his chest, looking down the line of tables to see when Takeshi would come out. When he did, he told everyone he needed to be excused, and he went to the bathroom.

Lucas then delved deeper with Charlotte, asking if she liked what kind of chocolate she liked. She didn't really get what he was getting at, so she said dark chocolate. As she fell into his trap, Lucas pressed his hands against his body and told her that he was enough dark chocolate to fill her forever. Me, Aaron, and even the brooding Takeshi all laughed, and Charlotte had a look on her face like she didn't get the joke.

She told Lucas that he was cute and that spurred him on more. For the next hour, during pancakes, soda, and watching Takeshi and Lee take turns going to the bathroom, he continued to ask her sexual questions and flirt with her. Finally, we were done, and it was around 5:00 AM in the morning. We all had a good time except for our two Asians, and we split the bill.

While Takeshi and Lee both ran away from the table and to the vans, Lucas and Aaron started to chat about music and girls. Charlotte pulled me back as the others started to get out of the place, and she thanked me for a great night out. She then asked if I could have my cell phone number, and I told her that she could call me any time.

She stood there for a few seconds after I gave my phone number, but I didn't know what to do. We stood there awkwardly for twenty seconds before I gave her a high five on the shoulder and turned away. I said goodbye and ran off before I killed myself with a salt shaker.

And that was the night I met Lucky Thirteen Clover. One of the most important nights of my life.

Charlotte is taller than Lauren or Chelsea, long black hair, lots of make up, glasses, braces, and likes to wear that Gothic Lolita dress.

Aaron is super tall (6'3), blond, isn't as hipster as Tony, but he always wears the same brown jacket.

Takeshi is 5'5', dyed red hair, glasses, and wears regular clothes.

That's about it. Not really descriptive. I'm probably going to bed now.


[Next Part](/stories/lee-won/010.html)