---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Lee Won - Part 10"
description: ""
category: stories
tags: [stories, lee won , /r9k/]
---

###Part 10
The morning after meeting up with Charlotte and her band, me, Lucas, and Lee Won spent the whole night in my room talking, not getting any sleep at all. All Lucas wanted to talk about was how Charlotte was supposedly fucking him in his black ass with her piercing eyes. Lee Won only talked about Takeshi, saying how he was a better soccer player than him and that Takeshi only got the forward spot because the coach was Japanese. He said that if the two of them ever got locked in a room together, Lee Won would take his guitar and bash it over Takeshi's head repeatedly.

I didn't really talk about anything, but my mind was focused on Lauren and Charlotte. For one, neither probably liked me. Lauren thought of me as a brother, and I couldn't imagine how she would change her thoughts from brother to boyfriend so quickly after leaving Tony. Charlotte, on the other hand, at least to him, saw him as at least a friend. At least she didn't randomly tell him after asking for his number that she thought of him as her long lost brother or some shit.

After the day of lounging about, my Mom made us breakfast for dinner, and we got ready for classes in the morning. My Mom hit it off with Lucas, and the two of them went on and on about some kind of breakfast meal that I never heard of, and how Lucas would bring the recipe over the next time we had a band meeting.

School on Monday was weird. I walked into my first class, and as usual, I was alone in the corner with no one really to talk to. Then, out of nowhere, Tony sat down beside me and slammed his hand on my desk. He told me what the fuck was with those pictures going to Lauren and how she wouldn't take any of his calls.

I told him that it wasn't my fault, and I put my head on the desk to get a few minutes of sleep before the professor came in. Tony kept on complaining, saying how he would get me back, and that I better watch my back, or he would get me back.

I wasn't really afraid of Tony. He looked like he spent all of his days picking out his clothes and trying to look like he was deep. I would be surprised if he could throw a single punch correctly. Not to say that I was a good fighter, but I did take karate for a few years and did know a thing or two. I just didn't like to fgiht.

The rest of the day was basically free period after free period, and me and Lee Won met in the library to talk about Lauren. She hadn't called me since the gig, but Lee Won told me that she called him five times yesterday and three times during his class. I asked him why she was calling him and not me, and he shrugged and said that maybe she didn't want to bother me with her crying.

Fuck, what a lost cause. If she considers me her brother at least, she could give me a ring and cry about how big of an asshole Tony is; we could of bonded over that fact. Instead she goes to Lee Won, and she'll probably ignore me until band practice when she has to be nice.

We tried to talk more about her, but Lee Won was still raging over Takeshi. 'He is such a faggot. He always hugged our teammates after he scored a goal. He must be gay', he told me, putting on an angry face that I had only seen twice in the time I knew him.

I said to forget all the shit about the Japanese guy, but he wouldn't get off it. This transitioned into talking about Charlotte, and how Lee Won knew she liked me. I asked him how the hell he would know that, but all he did was lean back in his chair, give me a confident look, and say, 'I know she wants you.'

Lucas showed up during lunch, and we all ate together. He told me that I had a hot as fuck Mom, and I told him thank you like it was a compliment. I told him that she was like twenty years older than him and dating someone, but Lucas made me throw away my lunch after saying that her tits were the perfect size. Lee Won laughed at his descriptions of my Mom, happy to not be talking about Takeshi.

When it was time to go, Lee Won was going to give a lift to his house to hang out. We've never been to his house, so I was excited to see how his family was like. While walking to the Won Mobile, we saw Aaron also walking to his car in the parking lot. Not knowing he went to our school, we said hey and he said hey back. He told me that Charlotte wouldn't shut up about us yesterday and that we should hang out on the free day we had coming up on Wednesday. Lee Won asked if Takeshi would be coming, and Aaron said that Takeshi couldn't stop talking about Lee Won either.

Lucas laughed at Lee Won, patted him on the back, and I told Aaron I would call to make plans with everyone. Lee Won had a pissed off look all the way to his gigantic house that his parents owned. He grunted about how much of a jackass Takeshi was and how big of a faggot that he was supposedly.

His parents were super nice. They both were around the same age my Mom was, and they asked if we wanted food or a drink right when we walked through the door. Of course Lucas wanted something, asking if he could have the biggest thing they had to eat. Lee's Mom laughed, gave him a hug, and said that he was a charming young boy. This then resulted in Lucas going off with Lee's Mom with me and Lee going up to his room.

His room was covered in South Korea soccer posters, soccer trophies, and a flag of South Korea on his wall. He had two beds in his room, and I asked if that was a guest bed or something. He said no, that his twin sister sleeps with him in this room.

Twin sister? Yeah, he told me that his twin sister went to a private girl academy about ten miles from his house and that she slept in his room on weekends and holidays. I asked what her name was, and he said her name was Bae Won Lee or some crazy mixed up name like that. He said that she was a lot like him, played music and all that, but was more into the piano and trumpet. Lee pointed over to her wall of trophies that was beside Lee Won's, and how she had bunch of trophies for music and softball.

Said the parents preferred her over him with her getting better grades than him and getting into a better school than he did. While she was at some great academy that taught girls how to be great business women, he was stuck at a community college because of how much he slacked off in high school.

Lucas finally came up hours later with Lee's Mom, holding a bunch of fucking food. She had tables transported from the kitchen to Lee's room, so we could all eat up here and not have to go down.

Throughout eating, Lucas said how nice Lee's Mom ass was and how he wouldn't mind sticking something in it. Lee laughed it off and didn't take any offense, telling him that his father would slice his head off if even tried touching her. This made Lucas shut up a little, focusing back on his food.

The rest of the night was us playing with Lee Won's Wii and having fun playing Smash Brothers Brawl. Lucas fell out of his chair three times while playing, and it was always funnier than the last time he fell out.

We all slept at Lee Won's household for the night, and he drove us to school the next day.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NOT OP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lee took us to school about half an hour early, and gave me a high five before we went our separate ways from the Won Mobile.

I didn't get much sleep the night before, but I figured that I could just sleep a little between classes to make up for it. We were early, so I went into my first class and laid my head down to get a bit of rest.

We were having practice after school, so as I drifted off I was thinking of ways to get Lauren. I was planning on either asking her out this practice, of if things went badly; the next one.

Needless to say, I had a bit of trouble actually sleeping. I only had a half hour anyways, so why fall asleep? It wasn't like I had friends in this class to wake me up, and I'm sure that Tony McCool would make sure no one did. I glanced at the clock, class would start in about 7 minutes but the professor wasn't here yet.

I heard the door open, and some asshole was talking so loud I thought he might have been yodeling. I thought it might have been some asshat talking to the professor as they often did and being loud about it, I was wrong. It was Tony and his hipster crew.

I kept my head down and tried not to start any kind of confrontation. I could see him through the crack of my elbows, he was wearing a lime green tie, his fedora, a suit, and drinking a Starbucks drink. it still had the insulation paper crap around it, so I imagined that it was still scalding hot. I lost sight of him eventually, and was half asleep.

Piping hot fucking magma raced down my hair, face, head, and down my shirt. At least that's what it felt like. I immediately SCREAMED a manly roar, it was almost load enough to squelch the classroom's laughter. I looked up and saw just was I was half expecting, Tony looking down with his fucking hipster smirk and an open coffee cup.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!END OF NOT OP!!!!!!!!!!!

Saved not OP because why the hell not



Wednesday rolled by and it was time for the group date...thing. I don't know what really to call it. It was my band and Charlotte's band meeting at a bowling alley for a night of fun. I called Aaron and asked if he wanted to practice together, but he said that we should forget about music for one night and go bowling.

So me, Lauren, Lee Won, Lucas, and Chelsea all get into the van to go the bowling alley, and we're again, all gossiping about the other band. Lauren and Chelsea never met them, so they ask Lucas how they are. He says they're nice and the Charlotte is a hot piece of work, and Chelsea responds by asking if any of the guys are hot. Lee Won adds in after that by saying that he doesn't know if they're hot, but he surely knows one of them is gay.

This leads to Lucas explaining how him and Takeshi don't get along because of their past, and Lauren tells Lee Won that she'll take his mind off of him tonight. I was trying to ignore her obvious flirting with my best friend, but it still hurt.

We get to the bowling alley, and Charlotte, Aaron, and Takeshi are already there with a few other people. We ask who they are, and Charlotte says they're friends of Takeshi and Aaron. Aaron is with some guy friends of his, and Takeshi is in a school uniform, looking like he just got out, with an Asian girl with him.


Before I can ask where to pay for our shoes, Lee Won pushes me out of the way and gets into Takeshi's face. The girl that Takeshi is with is wearing a school outfit as well, and I purely guessed from his reaction that must be Lee Won's twin sister. After looking at her, it did make sense, except her hair had red highlights in them, and she wore orange glasses.

Lee Won had hold of Takeshi's short, Bae Lee had a hold of Lee Won's shirt, and Takeshi had his hands in the air like he didn't do anything wrong. I commented to everyone that the girl Takeshi with was Lee Won's twin sister, and Aaron said that was why Takeshi was talking about someone called Lee all the time. It made sense.

Finally, Lauren and Bae pulled Lee Won off of Takeshi before he punched him in the face and moved him as far away as Takeshi as possible. I wanted to go talk to him, but Lauren took his hand and took him outside before I could. Takeshi was laughing at the interaction he just had, probably knowing that he was with Lee Won's sister.

This pissed me off, making myself confront him. I asked if he knew that he was with Lee Won's sister, away from the whole group, and he said he did know. He apparently went to the boys academy right by school Bae Lee went to, and they met during a school concert they had at the start of the year. He told me that he wasn't with her to piss off Lee Won and didn't even remember who he was until the gig at the party a few days back.

Bae Lee introduced herself to me, and I said hello back to her. She asked if I was Leon, and I told her I was. The girl then told me on how her brother always raved about me and how I was such a good friend. She thanked me because Lee Won used not to be as cheery as he is now, and she thinks that starting the band made him open up more. I told her that it was no problem, and I left her to Takeshi.

Aaron and Chelsea were already at one of the duo seats situated by the bowling lanes, and Lucas was chatting it up with Charlotte. I never understood the term group date until that moment. There were nine of us there, and they had all split into doubles except me.

Seeing as no one was bowling, I went up to the food place that was connected to the alley and got some french fries. I would have went outside, but Lauren and Lee Won were both probably talking about how big of dicks and faggots Tony and Takeshi were.

I continued eating my fries until someone plopped down next to me, Charlotte. She told me that Lucas was trying to teach her how to bowl in his wheelchair, but one of the workers there saw him and started yelling. Lucas was now preoccupied by having an argument about how he couldn't walk, but the worker there was trying to tell him he couldn't just bowl in a wheelchair and how it was against the bowling alley rules.

She apologized for the whole Takeshi and Lee Won thing, but I said it wasn't her fault. It was just a coincidence that Takeshi was possibly having sex with the twin of someone he hates.

We talked about the old days and how we were the biggest losers in class. I asked her why she changed her look, and she said she was sick of always being whiny and complaining on why no one liked her. She changed her look, her habits, and tried to change for the better. I told her that she looked great, and I think she blushed, but the dimming in the alley was too dark to actually tell.

I asked her how her band got together, and she explained. She went to the same girl academy that Lee Won's sister went to, and her and Takeshi met during the same concert that they met Bae Lee. They started talking afterward, Charlotte and Takeshi wanted to start a band, but Bae was too shy to actually be in it.

This led to the two of them looking for a third member, and Takeshi called up his old friend, Aaron, and that is how it all began. They tried to get Lee Won's sister in the band forever, but she said that being in a band wasn't for her. She was much more comfortable when there were fifty people with her instead of her being in the spotlight.

She asked why I started my band, and I said I wanted to change just like her. She asked if I've changed, and I replied that I don't know really if I changed at all. Charlotte added that I was always a great guy in high school and that I was great now, putting her hand on my knee while I chomped onto a french fry.

Things were going great until Lucas showed up. Lucas just didn't show up, he broke through everyone in the food place like they were ants. He must have knocked down three people with his wheelchair while getting to me and Charlotte. He was screaming something, but I couldn't hear him until he got closer.

He told me that something was going on outside, and we followed. When we got outside, everyone was trying to stop what was going on. Lee Won was atop of Takeshi, screaming at the top of his lungs, and punching him in the face. His sister tried to pull him off, but he wouldn't stop. I ran over to where he was, got him off of him with Lauren, Charlotte, and Bae behind me, and told him to stop it before someone called the police.

When I pulled him off, this gave a chance for Takeshi to compose himself and get away from Aaron who was holding him back. He punched Lee Won in the face as hard as he could, probably breaking his nose in the process, and stormed off into the night while pulling Bae Lee's hand with him. Aaron stalked after them to see if they were alright, and Charlotte apologized again and again hurriedly.

That was it. The four of them left the alley at that second, not looking back or coming back once. Lee's nose was bleeding like a fountain, and Lauren was trying to stop the bleeding by using her shirt as pressure.

Lucas decided to follow Takeshi in his wheelchair right when he left, but he was too slow to catch him and came back a few minutes later. He said that they all jumped into their van and sped off before he could even get into a fight with their Japanese singer.

Lee Won's eyes were cold. He honestly didn't look like Lee Won at all. He was sitting on the ground, knees to his chest, and his hands clinched into a fighting position. Lauren continued to help him, and Chelsea was talking to Lucas about what we should do.

After a while, Lee Won's nose stopped bleeding and was ready to go. He didn't say anything to me when he got into the van, and he started the car and drove us all to my house without another word.

When me, Lucas, and Chelsea got out of the car to spend another night at my house, he told me that he couldn't hang out tonight and was going home. Lauren said that he was going to stay with him so that he isn't alone, and the two of them left together out of my driveway.

I sighed, knowing that this wasn't going to end nicely.

----

Sorry, I hate using a tripcode, so I'm just posting under it now so you know it's me.

That night was spent with me, Lucas, and Chelsea along with my Mom and some 30-something-year-old guy that I never met before. He was nice, but the rest of us got into my room before my Mom made us play scrabble with them. The only good thing about my Mother sleeping around and usually being drunk was that she didn't care if I had a girl sleep in my room...or in my bed...Really, I could be having sex in front of my Mom, and she would probably pat my head and say I was doing a good job.

Chelsea told me how much of a gentleman Aaron was and how cute he looked in his clothes. I asked her what about her 60-year-old boyfriend, and she told me they broke up ages ago. Said that he was too old for her, and he wasn't fun after the first few trips on his boat.

Lucas was afraid for Lee Won, thinking he might do something stupid after what happened. I asked how the fight started, and Chelsea said that his sister and Takeshi were making out in the parking lot. Lauren and Lee Won were talking on the steps, and Lee Won saw what was going on. He went crazy, attacked Takeshi, and the two started fighting. That's when Lucas got me and everything else happened.

Lucas added he might not want Lauren there, but Chelsea started laughing like crazy. I didn't know why she was laughing so much, but she explained that Lee Won was in love with Lauren. Lucas asked how she knew this, and she said that Lee Won told her ages ago. The only reason he never did anything was because of his parents and knowing that I also liked her.

---

>>	Anonymous 03/30/09(Mon)01:37:31 No.3692285

I didn't know how to respond to this as I always kinda guessed that Lee Won liked her as well. I kept quiet throughout most of the discussion until Lucas started to bring up how he wanted to bang Charlotte. He didn't just stop at her, but he started rating and ranting about every girl he has met since the band started.

He started with Lauren, who he gave a B+. He said she had nice tits and a great face, but her ass lacked. Gave my Mom and Lee's Mom a B, Bae Lee an A -, and finally gave Charlotte an A+. Chelsea commented on how he thought me and her already had a thing, but Lucas interrupted and already asked Charlotte that. She said that me and her had nothing going on at the moment, and we were just old friends.

He asked me if it would be okay if he asked her out, and I told him he could do whatever he wanted. He did a pumping fist and swore to the heavens that if she said yes, that he would fuck her at the mightiest speed he could dream of. This was the cue for Chelsea to flip him off and take my bed for the night. Lucas slept in his chair, and I slept on the floor with an extra pillow and blanket.

My phone rang an hour or two after I fell asleep, and it was Lee Won. When we started talking, he didn't sound the usual carefree self that he usually was when we talked. He was serious, to the point, and didn't have any real pep in his tone. I asked what was wrong, and he told me that he needed my permission.

>>	Anonymous 03/30/09(Mon)01:38:11 No.3692294

He told me Lauren was in the back of the van and that the two of them were in the middle of nowhere. He told me that he really liked her, and he wanted to know if he could have my permission to do stuff with her.

For the few first seconds, I wanted to scream into the phone, tell him to fuck off, get away from her, and then die, but I couldn't do that. It was obvious now that he liked her the same way I did. He didn't want Tony gone because of the things he saw in the van. He wanted him gone the same reason I wanted him gone. It all made sense.

"Sure," I said, whispering into the phone. "I'm really okay with it."

"Thanks, Leon. You really are my best friend. I love you."

Then he hung up. It was really weird, but I guess that is what happens after you hang out with a guy nonstop for almost two to three months straight. Still, I couldn't shake the image of Lee Won and Lauren having sex, so I went to the kitchen to get some cereal.

I flipped through my phone, looking at the numbers I had, and I decided to call Charlotte. I was wondering what happened to her group after they left, so I was hoping she was up.

>>	Anonymous 03/30/09(Mon)01:38:48 No.3692303

She answered, sounding happy that was me, and told me that everyone was fine. She was in her dorm at the girl academy, and Takeshi was steaming mad at being attacked by Lee Won. I wanted to know how Lee Won's sister felt, and Charlotte said that she was fine and sided with Takeshi on the issue. It was her decision to who she wanted to be with, so her brother could stay out of it.

Getting fed up with all of the shit that I went through tonight, I asked if she wanted to come to my house tomorrow and jam a little with our guitars. She agreed to meet me at 4:00 PM, gave her address to my house, and we were all set. She told me she had to get to bed before the floor advisers caught her, and she wished me a good night.

I went back into my room, wanting to catch a few hours before school, and I walked in on a wide awake Lucas who was, uh, having fun in my absence while looking at the sleeping Chelsea.

He freaked out, falling out of his chair with his pants half down, and Chelsea woke up from all the commotion. She asked what the hell was going on, and Lucas said that he was sleep walking. She sighed, turned her back to us, and went back to sleep.

I looked at Lucas on the floor, shaking my head, and told him I would be sleeping downstairs tonight. I walked out of the room, him begging for help to get back on his wheelchair, but I ignored him, needing dire sleep and the images of my best friend having sex with Lauren, Lee Won's sister making out with Takeshi, and now Lucas masturbating to a sleeping Chelsea.

Fuck, I have weird friends.

----

//Then the thread 404'd. I do not know if this is the complete text.

I woke up after that hectic Wednesday with the biggest headache you could imagine. I was laying in the kitchen, my legs atop my dinner table and my head across a seat pillow. I was awoken by my Mom, plying her hands to my body and telling me that my friends had already left, and I would be late for my class at 9:45 if I slept in any longer.

I got ready for school, took a quick shower (freezing cold), and threw on the cleanest clothes that I could find. I took a long walk to class, most of the time usually driven by Lee Won, but I didn't want to bother him after what transpired last night. I was pretty sure he wouldn't be at school today.

While walking to my only class of the day, I get stopped by Tony, his red and white fedora highlighting the halls. I tried to get past him by simply moving to another direction, but he pushed his hand across my chest and took me against a wall.

Tony demanded to know why the fuck Lauren still wouldn't pick up his calls, and why he wasn't asked to be at practices anymore. I told him that it was simple: he was a douchebag, we didn't want him, and Lauren thought he was a jerk. Pissing him off even more, the hipster clinched his hand into a fist, but was too pussy to actually throw it.

For the 567th time, he yelled at me that he would have his revenge and shook his fist angrily while I walked away. The rest of the day was uneventful with Lee Won not showing up at school, and Lauren was also nowhere to be found. The two of them must be driving in Nebraska at the moment, trying to run away from everything like a bad romance novel, and have wild sex during the night.

The only person I saw all day besides Tony that I knew was Lucas. Lucas, still shaken up from having to crawl around and actually walk after I ignored him last night, was pissed at me for forgetting him. I said that I didn't hear him, but he had to explain to me how he had to get Chelsea to help him up and how awkward it was.

He inquired if I was doing anything tonight, wanting to know if he could hang out at my house. I had the thing with Charlotte in the afternoon, and I didn't really know how to lie to Lucas and get away from him, so I told him he could come if he wanted.

We got to my house, and Lucas started chatting it up with my Mom like usual. Asking her if she had any food to eat or if she would make him anything, and I could only wonder how Lucas' Mom could handle him all these years. My Mom, not being a bitch, was nice to him, told him she would make him a sandwich, and would bring it up to my room when done.

Twenty minutes after helping him get up my stairs, we started to talk about his favorite topic: women. He told me about this hot new girl that came into his class today and how she sat next to him. Zoning out, I only heard bits and pieces of the story after that. I did catch the part where he said her tits were like gigantic magical orbs, though.

Next was a few hours of Lucas eating many sandwiches, talking about more girls, and how hot my Mom's rack was. Finally, my Mom came up to my room and said that I had a girl visitor. I told her I would be down in a second, and Lucas demanded to know what girl visitor this was. I said I would tell him later, started to leave, and his wheelchair perused me. Knowing that he would never actually come down the stairs because of how much work that would be, I closed the door behind me and locked him in. He would be too lazy after a while to care and start looking around my room for porn magazines.

Charlotte was waiting for me downstairs, my Mom giving me a thumbs up from the kitchen and winking at me. She wasn't all dolled up today like she was usually. She wore regular clothes; dark blue jeans, a red shirt with some writing on it, and red rimmed glasses.

I took her to the garage where she had her guitar in hand, and we started to play. She asked what the loud yelling sound from upstairs was, and I told her it was just one of my Mom's boyfriends looking for drugs. She laughed, not really concentrating on what she was playing.

She was obviously better at playing guitar than me. I tried to keep up, but next to her, I was a beginner. I could see why her band was semi-professional and why ours was a gigantic orgy of sound and yelling.

After jamming a little, I quit because I couldn't even keep up with her anymore and told her that I would get some drinks. When I went out to get the drinks, though, I saw Lucas crawling down the stairs with his gigantic hands pulling him. I yelled what the fuck he was doing, and he demanded to know what girl was in my house.

The obese African American wouldn't stop his rampage down my stairs, and I asked him if he could please stop. He stuck out his tongue and told me that if we were friends, he would share the girl that I was hiding. I shook my head, took the two orange sodas I got from the fridge, and walked back to the garage.

Charlotte had put her guitar away, and she was sitting on our couch that I had found outside of someone's house a few months ago. I questioned why she put her guitar away, and she told me she was bored of playing music.

I took a seat next to her, gave her a soda, and we spent the next few minutes drinking orange soda. We didn't really talk, and every time one of us was about to talk, the other would take a sip of their soda.

The quiet was broken when a shrieking sound came from behind the door and it opened to a flailing Lucas. He had gotten down the stairs somehow, walked across the hallway, and somehow had enough energy to get to the garage without his wheelchair. He pointed at me and screamed 'AHA!' and then flopped down on the floor with no more adrenaline.

Charlotte stared at Lucas, asking if he was okay, and I told her that he would be fine after a while. We helped him onto the couch, and he was glaring daggers at me. To him, it must seem like I was trying to move on the girl that he wanted date.

Lucas took my orange soda, drained it, and then started a lengthy conversation with Charlotte. Leaving me out of the whole thing, I propped my hand to my chin and listened on what they were talking about.

I closed my eyes for a few minutes, trying to get his voice out of my head, and when I opened them again, he was asking her out on a date. Couldn't he wait until I was out of the room to ask her out? Oh well, I listened on what her answer would be.

"No."

Lucas acted like he got shot, falling off the couch, and hitting the floor again. She said that she was flattered, but she saw Lucas like a friend. He started to whine, saying how he was sick of being seen as a friend, and asked if I could go get his wheelchair so he could go home.

He left, depressed as hell, and my Mom waved him off after giving him some food to take home that cheered him up slightly. Curious, I asked Charlotte why she rejected Lucas, and she told me that she would rather of had me ask her.

...I then took a sip of my newly opened orange soda and nodded.

Me and Charlotte held hands together on my bed for two hours straight, or it felt like two hours straight, and then she said that her ride was here to take her back to the academy. I told her it was a nice time, and she said it was nice as well.

Being socially weird with girls wasn't great. For the last few hours, me and her had done anything but talk about our feelings. We played video games and talked about music, and then we finally settled on sitting on the bed and holding hands. Very, very strange.

When she left, my Mom came up and said that she seemed like a very kind girl. I told her thanks for her approval and asked if she was going out on another date tonight. She said she was, and it was one of my professors. I cringed, not wanting to know who it was, and closed my door. I fell to sleep that night better than the night before. Possibly because I didn't have nasty images like Lucas masturbating in my head. Ugh.

Woke up, took a shower, and was off to school. My cellphone rang when I got out the house and it was Lee Won. Surprising, I didn't think I would hear from him for a while. I picked it up and asked where he was. He told me that him and Lauren were at the river down near the huge department store and wanted to know if I wanted to hang out. I said we had school, but he told me to skip it and come down there.

Nothing better to do for the day, I told him I would be there and walked towards my destination. When I got there, the van was parked next to a tree and the two of them were sprawled out on the ground. I went up to them, asking what the fuck they were doing there, and Lee Won said that they wanted to get away.

I asked where the hell were they yesterday, and Lee told me that the two of them were just driving around and looking at things. I didn't know what was going on, but he really didn't seem himself. I sat down next to him, and Lauren gave me a friendly wave. I waved back, but she looked totally out of it and tired.

All three of us sat there for a little while, taking in the blue sky that was above us and the clouds that crawled by. Lauren said that she wished that I was there yesterday for their adventure, but I could tell the two of them had enough fun without me.

Lee exclaimed that him and Lauren were thinking about heading out of town and traveling throughout the state for a little while. Maybe they could hit up Los Angeles, see how the city was. I wondered where this sudden change of heart came in, and I asked him how the band would go if the two of them weren't there.

"Do we even have a band, Leon?" he asked, resting his head atop of Lauren's stomach now. He honestly looked like he hadn't slept for weeks. His nose had tape over, probably keeping it together since they didn't go to a hospital.

Did we really have a band? We had three gigs, so I guess that would count as a band, but were we really that good? No, we weren't, but I thought we were having fun.

"Yeah, we do have a band, and you two can't go." I said, picking up the confidence to tell him that their idea was stupid. I knew they wanted to run away, but the whole idea had no point to it.

Lee Won went on about how there was no reason to stay here. His family was crazy, and they would never approve of anything he did. His sister was off being a whore with a guy he hated, and he said that he couldn't stand looking at her anymore. He wanted to get away.

"And you?" I directed towards Lauren.

She said that she would follow Lee Won everywhere. Ever since her family broke apart, she had nowhere to go. Her Dad is always out drinking, and she said her Step Mom hated her and wanted her dead. She even added in that her Step Mom once tried to cut her with a knife because she wouldn't get out of the living room.

I didn't know what to do. They were dead set on leaving this place, and I couldn't really argue. What the hell were we doing? We were fucking losers. We all failed high school, and we were now stuck at some second-rate community college while everyone else is going on and doing something with there life.

The only reason I made the stupid band in the first place was to meet new friends. I did that. The mission was accomplished. Too bad that the best friend friend I made out of the whole deal was now wanting to go away forever and live his life as some town hopper.

I had no argument on why shouldn't go except to what Lee's family would think of him stealing their van. He said that they had a few, and they wouldn't care if he took one. He said that he had money in his college fund that he was never going to use now, and he and Lauren were going to see where the road took them.

The two of them got up, telling me they were going to leave right this second and only came back so he could say goodbye. Lauren gave me a hug before departing into the van, wishing me all the happiness in the world. This left me and Lee Won, near the river, the depressing water hitting against the rocks.

"So you're going to leave now?"

"Yeah, I am." Lee Won said, looking around the hometown that he never wanted to see again.

"I hope you have a good time with her. I guess you two like each other, right?" I knew they wanted to be together, but I really wanted to hear it from his mouth.

"Yeah, I always liked her. Sorry for being such a terrible friend, Leon."

"No, it's totally fine. I want you happy. You're more important than she'll ever be." I said to him. It was true. Without Lee Won, I wouldn't have survived any of this. He was a great friend through and through.

"...Why don't you come with us?"

"I can't. My Mom would freak. If I wasn't there to look over her, she would die from taking too much sleeping pills. You two do what you like. I'll always be here."

"I promise to call, man."

With that, he basically tackled me and gave me the most heartfelt hug that someone has ever given me. Even my Mom never gave that much care into hugging me before. When he was done, he wiped a few tears from his eyes, and gave one last high five to me.

"Now don't stay a virgin, okay?" he laughed, and that was when he got into the van and left through the concrete that led up to the department store parking lot. The both of them waved at me as they sped out of the town as fast as they could.

Humans go off their impulses. One second a person can be happy with their life, and the other second they want to be anywhere else but at the place they're at. Because of the impulse that the two of them had, my band looked to be dead.

It looked to be all over, and dammit, I couldn't stop the tears that fell from my eyes when the two of them left. They just wouldn't stop.

It had been a week and not one call from either of them. The closest thing I got a call from Lee Won and Lauren was from Lee Won's Mom, wanting to know if I knew where he was. I told her that I hadn't seen her, trusting he would tell her where he went when they contacted again, and wished her luck in finding him.

The last week was the most boring week in the last few months of fun and playing music. With those two gone, it was down to me, Lucas, and Chelsea. One of them, Chelsea, was now hanging out with Aaron most of the time and becoming the groupie of Charlotte's group. Lucas still came over, but he was still mad over the day where he found me and Charlotte together. Since that day, me and her hadn't really talked that much.

She would call me one day, and I would call her the next. I would ask how she was, and she said she was gone. I would wish her luck on her band, and she wished me luck on mine. I'm guessing she knew that my band was dead now, but I don't think she wanted to make me feel even worse.

School moved slow as ever now. With no one to talk to, I missed most of my scheduled classes and spent my days on the computer playing useless games and typing to people on message boards. This continued until something actually happened on a Friday afternoon.

I was sitting in class, minding my own business, spaced out to the world, when someone sat next to me in the middle of a lecture. Of course I knew it was Tony, his highlighted lime green fedora tipping him off even before I fully turned around. He whispered to meet him after class near the stairs by the library, and I told him that I would.

Not caring what he wanted, depressed as hell from my mundane and simple living, I met where he wanted at the long steps that led into our gigantic reading structure. He met me about ten minutes after I got there, and I was surprised he didn't bring some people that he paid to beat me up.

I asked what he wanted, and he told me that he would get me back. I didn't know what he was getting at, so I continued pushing on what he was getting at. He told me who the hell made all those coincidental happenings occur? Takeshi just coincidentally being together with Lee Won's sister at the exact moment the two of them met up after years of not seeing each other?

He explained that him, Takeshi, and Aaron were all friends from middle school. Aaron and him had a falling out over a girl at the end of their 8th year, but him and Takeshi kept close. When I screwed up his relationship with Lauren, he didn't leave like everyone wanted and just blended into the background with all the other messes going on.

He was going to wait until I was alone and jump me, wanting to kill me, but then he saw Takeshi and talked about what just happened. He explained that he knew Lee Won from his old days and how Takeshi used to date his sister before they broke up.

The two of them formed a plan. Takeshi would knock on Bae Lee's door, apologize for cheating on her, get her back, and then bring her to the group hangout that he and Aaron created to have a good night out. Aaron didn't know what the purpose of the whole night was, but Takeshi and Tony had it all planned out. Lee Won would see Takeshi with his sister, snap, and couldn't handle that his perfect sister was getting felt up by a guy he hated.

He snickered, saying that it all worked out in the end, and now the Korean immigrant would go back to his shitty country with his new slut wife. The only reason Tony liked Lauren, he said, was because she put out, and I messed it up for him.

Continuing with his annoying laughter, I couldn't contain my anger anymore. So his whole plan consisted of fucking up Lee Won's whole family in the process and more than likely screwing up Lauren and Lee's life forever?

I grabbed him by the neck of his shitty checkerboard collar and pushed him against the gray wall of the stairs. His laughter was gone, and he said I was too big of a puss to actually throw a punch, so I caught him in the nose with a right hand. Tony's head whipped back against the hard concrete wall and then flipped forever, dazed out of his mind.

I didn't stop, though. I could have, but I let out all my frustration and anger out on Tony. I continued punching and punching until my fists felt like they were raw meet after tenderizing them. Finally, a stray student from one of my classes came over and pulled me off of him. His face was covered in blood, and I still couldn't contain my massive frustration.

I told Tony to never talk to me again, or I would kill him. I walked away without another word, and I went towards the direction of my house to get some rest and alone time.

Life was so useless. I was stuck in a cycle of useless tasks. Every day I would go to class, and I would continue to work until I got enough good grades to get into a four year college. After I got into the four year college, I would work hard until I got enough good grades to graduate with honors. Next, I would go into the work world and have to bust my pass until I got the promotion I wanted.

It was all a gigantic mountain that I didn't want to bother with. The band, even if it wasn't the greatest, at least kept my mind off everything. I didn't think of these things when I was playing my terrible chords with Lee Won. I didn't have to think about my Mom having sex with a new random guy from Europe every time I was playing my music.

When I got home, I sat down on my bed and stared at the wall blankly; even though Tony was the biggest prick I ever met, he was right. I was a pussy. I only punched him because I had a week of anger filled up inside me. If Lee Won and Lauren were still around, I would have called the librarian down from the building to call the police on Tony. That was how big of a loser I was.

Sick of myself, I picked up my cellphone and knew what to do. If I was going to stay in this cycle of mundane living for the rest of my life, I might as well get laid, right?

So I called.

It was now or never, really. I showed up at Charlotte's front door step, the night sky creeping over the blue sky, and she was wondering I called her randomly. She was back from her academy for the next few days because of the three day weekend, and this was my best chance of doing anything with her. If I let the opportunity go away, there would be none after this point. The reason I never got with Lauren was because I didn't have the guts to stand up and tell her I liked her. Even at that moment, I never really told her I really felt.

Charlotte wanted to know why I got her out of the shower, and I questioned if her parents were home. She said that they were out of town like usual on a trip, and I kissed her on the lips. Weirdly, when I got my first kiss, it wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be. It was great, sure, her lips tasted like blueberry, and her body motion told me that she liked it, but there wasn't any fireworks. The whole myth about your first kiss being amazing and life changing was a load of bull, but I didn't have enough time for that.

I didn't ask if I could take off her shirt, but I did. Going through the motions, we landed in her kitchen where she had her dinner running in the oven. I quietly asked if she wanted to stop and eat first, but she told me I sounded like an idiot and forced my pants off.

Having sex in her kitchen was...good? I don't know how it was supposed to feel, but I could that neither of us had never tried this before. I was atop of her, pushing my hands down on her marble floor, and thrusting my hips back and forth like I had no idea what to do.

This went on for a while, both of us not knowing what to do, but I think it finally worked. The worst part of it all was trying to force on the condom that I brought with me that I found in my Mom's room, but I really, really don't want to get into it.

When we were done, we were both gasping on air on the floor. The oven timer had been ringing behind us for the twenty minutes, and we didn't give a damn enough to care about if her food was burning or not.

She said that it was incredible and amazing. That she always liked me in school. That she always wished that I asked her out on a date, but she was too shy to ever do anything with me. It all ran through my head, and I understood what she was saying, but it really didn't connect.

I liked Charlotte. I really, really did. I thought she was a great girl. I just had my first kiss, make out session, and sexual encounter with her in the matter of two hours. Thing was, everything felt empty. My first time doing all those things were useless. In the end, I really didn't have strong romantic feelings for her. She was a friend. A good friend, but the only thing I had in my mind when I orgasmed was the picture of Lauren.

She hugged me, telling me that it was great she had her first boyfriend, and I agreed. I thought having sex would make everything better, and it should have, but it changed nothing.

Me and Charlotte talked the whole night about our past and future. We talked about how my band ended and wanted to know if I wanted to join hers. She said that Takeshi wasn't as bad as a guy I thought he was, and he was just misunderstand. She said that her and Takeshi had become great friends, and all I could think of was how I missed Lee Won and where he was at that moment with the girl I loved.

I slept in the same bed as her that night, but I knew it was over. My time here was all over. For the last twenty years of my life, all I ever wanted to do was have a girlfriend and get sex. I got both. I had a girl who seemed to actually enjoy my company, and I didn't have the same feelings back.

What the fuck was wrong with me? That night, around 4:00 AM, I got out of her bed and threw my clothes back on. I sneaked out before she could catch me, and I walked home with the morning sun rising above me.

I don't believe in fate or destiny all that often, but the sun going up the mountains and in the air while I was walking made me think that I didn't have to waste my life here after all.

I went home, looked at my Mom sprawled on the couch with her old boyfriend Rodrigo, and I could only help but smile. I sat down in my Dad's old chair that my Mom didn't let anyone sit in since he died in a drinking accident years back, and I watched the two of them sleeping peacefully together. This might sound strange, but it was a pleasant sight for me. I liked to see my Mom happy. She might have changed after what happened to my Dad, but she never lost her smile and did what made her happy.

I kissed her on the cheek, not wanting to wake her up, and I went into my room to get some well deserved slumber. When I awoke, I call Lucas and Chelsea over on the day off to tell them something that I was going to tell them first.

Lucas came rumbling in on his wheelchair, a gigantic bag of food in his hand. He looked happier than the last time I saw him, and I apologized about the Charlotte thing. He said it was alright, and he knew that him and Charlotte would have never worked.

Chelsea was accompanied by Aaron. Apparently the two of them were now together, and Aaron apologized for the whole mess up with Takeshi. I said it was fine, and Chelsea wanted to know why he called the two of them here today.

I told the three of them that I was going to get a place of my own and get away from the town. Lucas flipped out, throwing his food in the air, and demanding why the hell I would do something like that.

I knew my Mom wouldn't probably like it, and I know she would probably need my help, but I couldn't anymore. I had spent my whole life trying to make her happy that I never tried to find happiness myself.

Chelsea asked if I was going to go find where Lee Won and Lauren were and stay with them, but I said I wouldn't do that. I needed to start anew. I thanked Lucas and Chelsea for the best months of my life, and I wouldn't have realized how much my life needed changing if they never showed me.

When it was all done, Lucas started to cry and gave me a gigantic bear hug that made me feel like I was going to throw up. Chelsea gave me a kiss on the cheek, and Aaron wished me the best of luck.

I told my Mother a few hours after they left, and she cried even more than Lucas did. She threatened to kill herself if I went, but I told her that I had to do this for my own good. I was going to go to a bigger community college about three hours from where I lived now, and I had enough money that my Dad left me to support myself for a few months until I found a suitable job. When I said that I had to go, she asked where I was going to stay. I told her I had no idea and that it didn't really matter. I would have to survive in the real world and that was the whole matter. I left her crying in the big muscular arms of her Spanish ex-boyfriend, and I headed towards the bus stop that would take me where I wanted to go.

The community college I was going to probably wouldn't let me transfer in that semester, but I would start after the summer. My grades were shit at my old school, so I didn't really care if they carried over or not.

Charlotte called me when I was close to the bus stop, hearing from Aaron that I was leaving. She called me every curse word in the book, and I deserved it. I apologized, said that it was my fault, and hung up. I had to accept that I couldn't always make people happy, and I wouldn't have done any good with Charlotte.

Me and her would have dated for a few years. I would never truly be into her, and we would finally fall apart when we went to different colleges. She might hate me now, but it was better to hate me now than in a few years when we could have had something that could have never lasted.

The bus came and went, and that was how my life in my hometown ended.

Not a very exciting ending, but that is how everything came to a close. My band was a failure. The friends that I had come close to were now gone from my life. The one girl I loved was now somewhere probably in Korea having sex with my best friend. The one girl that did want me now hated me for being the biggest jerk on the face of the planet.

While sitting in the bus, looking at the people beside me and just blending into the surroundings, I felt good. I felt like I was safe. With my two bags of clothes in one hand, and a bag of random crap like my laptop in the other, I felt like I was making the right decision. Maybe I could really change.

Maybe, if you open your eyes, you can really change your shitty and predictable life into something you're proud of living.

Just maybe.

A year has passed since then, and I am now working at a local karaoke bar by my apartment. It's a horrible place that smells constantly like beer, sweat, and piss rolled into one, but I get paid good money for cleaning it up. My apartment is a one room apartment that can only fit the essentials, but I was happy living in my contained space.

I went to college after the summer, and I knew no one there. For the first time in my life, I had no idea who any of the people were, and they didn't know who I was. I didn't walk in and become the most popular person, but I began to get more and more friends.

I talked to people now. From my experiences with Lucas, Lee Won, Chelsea, Lauren, Charlotte, and even Tony, I learned how to actually start conversations and not feel afraid of putting myself out there.

I talk to my old friends from time to time. Lucas is still at my old community college, and he is still rolling along with horrible grades. The good thing is that he finally got a girlfriend. Bae Lee, Lee Won's sister, had a huge fight with Takeshi, it seems, and Lucas was hanging out with them, Aaron and Chelsea when it happened. Takeshi tried to actually punch his own girlfriend, Lucas stepped in, and jumped out of his chair. Chelsea said that he showed the most energy that he had ever seen Lucas give, and Takeshi was begging for Aaron to pull Lucas off when it was all over.

Bae Lee was wooed by his strongman capabilities, and they started dating shortly after. From time to time, he'll send me a picture of her in the shower, or her in bra and panties, texting me that she was all his. He would never change.

Chelsea and Aaron continued to have a strong relationship, and after Takeshi was kicked out of the group for his actions against Bae Lee, she took over as the new lead singer.

Tony, from what I last heard, was still a douchebag who wore tuxedos, still did coke, and was having sex with girls he didn't even know the names of.

Takeshi, after getting kicked out of the band and losing his girlfriend, vanished. He left the academy he was going to, and no one had heard from him since.

Charlotte, still mad at me a year later, was starting to give up on being pissed. We talked often, me still saying sorry for what I did, and she would respond by calling me the worst one night stand ever. She wasn't dating anymore from what I heard, and I hope that one day me and her could become good friends.

Finally, Lee Won and Lauren. The last time I got any information from them was a few months ago in a text message that Lee Won sent me. They had gone farther than the Los Angeles trip, and he said that they were now in New York. Lee Won was actually sporting a beard, and he and Lauren were giving a peace sign in the picture. He told me that we would see each other soon, and he was happy to hear that I decided to move out on my own.

And that's about it. That covers the whole end of my story. All the puzzle pieces were put together, and everything sorta worked out in the end.

Walking down the halls with the mini guitar that I got so long ago from Lee Won, I stapled up a flier on the school's bulliten board.

On it, it said:

'Want to have some fun? Why not join a band! Tryouts on Thursday in Room A156.'

And so ends everything.

That was lots of fun. Again, sorry if my writing didn't seem perfect. I basically wrote down every part and then posted. I didn't edit or proofread anything I wrote. I thought it would be more spontaneous that way.

Thanks for reading.

Tripcode for author:leon !!2uSHeli4Bdk

## Sources

* [The Best Rock Band Ever - Chanarchive](http://chanarchive.org/4chan/r9k/3700/the-best-rock-band-ever)
* [Full Pastebin](http://pastebin.com/wrXUhtWz)